[Autogenerated] what's your model is deployed and out there in the world,
you'll need to monitor and collect information about how it's doing,
which is the last step of the process.
Here there are two primary services you'll be using for monitoring.
First is CloudWatch.
All of the logs and operational metrics for your
model gets stored in CloudWatch, you can view things like CPU usage,
memory, GPU utilization, disc utilization and a lot more from within sage maker.
If you go to view logs that will launch a CloudWatch window for you,
the other service who uses CloudTrail this is the service you
want for monitoring activity around your API.
Who's calling the API there IP address dates,
times and so on and then a fairly recent addition to the sage maker
family released to the End of 2019 is Model monitor.
This service continually monitors the quality of your models in production.
It will automatically collect data from your endpoints.
It detects changes as compared to baseline and the baselines created
from the dataset used to originally train the model,
it can detect data drift.
An example of data drift would be something like your model predicts
house prices but it's the real estate market Changes due to major
downturns or upticks your prediction slowly become less accurate model
monitor can do tech stuff like that for you, and it also offers visualization tools for viewing your results and statistics.